---
title: "This Channel is where I share thoughts, insights, and valuable content that reso"
date: "2025-09-07T14:26:24"
telegram_id: 429
media_kind: "text"
tags:
  - "telegram"
  - "telegram-export"
  - "year-2025"
updated: "2025-09-07T21:23:17"
---
**This Channel is where I share thoughts, insights, and valuable content that resonates with me**

*I sincerely apologize that my event frequency has significantly reduced since 2019. Despite this, I still aim to organize a few events each year, and all announcements for these will be posted right here.*

You'll find a mix of **My Own Work & Discoveries**: Insights, projects, and ideas I've been developing. AND Important ideas and concepts from others, which I believe are worth sharing.

Most of what I've **studied** can be found in [the catalog on my website](https://danvoronov.com/studied/). Additionally, I've compiled a list of [my top book recommendations](https://danvoronov.medium.com/my-top-books-1ebd2c91bcac).

I also write **articles** that are primarily published on [Medium](https://danvoronov.medium.com/), and I'll be sharing direct links to them in this channel. Additionally, I sometimes record my own videos for [YouTube](https://www.youtube.com/@DanVoronov), and links to these will also be shared here!

**Current Interests & Topics I'm Exploring:**

\*   **AI in the Workplace:** Especially its impact on programming and creative fields.
\*   **Digital Journaling & Infotech:** How technology can enhance personal reflection and knowledge management.
\*   **Game Design & Design Thinking:** Exploring the history of LEGO, the psychology of play, and creative problem-solving.
\*   **Adult Education & Learning:** Techniques for awareness, understanding, and lifelong development.
\*   **Work-Life Balance & Non-Hierarchical Organizations:** Thoughts on time management, leisure, and alternative organizational structures.
\*   **Non-Violence (NVC) & Collaboration:** How people can grow and achieve more together through cooperation and intrinsic motivation.
\*   **Urban Exploration & City Studies**: Delving into the dynamics and hidden aspects of cities.

**💬 Let's Talk: Open for Discussion!**

If *any* of my articles or videos spark your interest and you'd like to dive deeper, I'd be more than happy to connect for a discussion in English, Russian, or Ukrainian.

📲 Simply send a direct message in this channel to book a slot with me

_Reactions: ⚡ 2_
