---
title: "Interesting article about the possible devaluation of human labor as more autono"
date: "2025-01-09T12:55:05"
telegram_id: 393
media_kind: "text"
tags:
  - "telegram"
  - "telegram-export"
  - "year-2025"
updated: "2025-01-09T12:58:02"
---
*Interesting article about the possible devaluation of human labor as more autonomous AI agents enter the market*

[https://www.lesswrong.com/posts/KFFaKu27FNugCHFmh/by-default-capital-will-matter-more-than-ever-after-agi](https://www.lesswrong.com/posts/KFFaKu27FNugCHFmh/by-default-capital-will-matter-more-than-ever-after-agi)

**Economy:** AI will become a **universal replacement for labor**, turning capital into the primary tool. Money will more effectively "buy" results, as "talent" in the form of AI can be easily replicated, reducing its value. At the same time, money will retain its importance for resource allocation, but "buying" unique human talents will become even more difficult.

**Power and Influence:** The influence of people based on their labor will diminish. States may lose the motivation to care for people, as AI will replace their work. There is a risk of a static society and entrenched inequality, even to the point of forming a global caste system with limited mobility.

**Non-Standard Success:** Opportunities to *achieve success through one's own labor* will decrease. Entrepreneurship may become obsolete as AI will be able to manage startups independently. In the exact sciences, AI is likely to surpass human capabilities. The influence of intellectuals will weaken due to the vast number of ideas generated by AI. Politics may suffer less, but will depend on the information landscape. Military affairs will be controlled by powerful states, and the influence of new religions will be similar to the influence of intellectuals' ideas.

**Equality:** It is unlikely that inequality will be overcome by force, as major income equalizations in history have occurred due to catastrophes, not political decisions.

**Likely Outcome:** Those who possess capital at the time of the emergence of strong AI will gain a permanent advantage. Power will derive from AI, and society will become more static and unequal, even with the implementation of basic income.

_Reactions: 🔥 2_
